feat: add support for defining a min and max srcset width (#108)
imgix/imgix-core-js: README.md

For more information to better understand `srcset`, we highly recommend [Eric Portis' "Srcset and sizes" article](https://ericportis.com/posts/2014/srcset-sizes/) which goes into depth about the subject.

### Minimum and Maximum Width Ranges

> If the exact number of minimum/maximum physical pixels that an image will need to be rendered at is known, a user can specify them by passing a positive integer via `minWidth` and/or `maxWidth` to the srcset-modifying parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain circumstances, you may want to limit the minimum or maximum value of the non-fixed `srcset` generated by the `buildSrcSet()` method. To do this, you can pass in an options object as a third argument, providing positive integers as `minWidth` and/or `maxWidth` attributes:
```
